very good everyone I am jare침o 10 and here
I'm with a new video of this steals your
first division and what you have seen
previously they have been my first two
defeats with that sad music no and that
black and white color yes yes I have lost
two games in a row the truth is that
I did not play well at all but they touched me
Two of those guys you say please
do not find me one more of these
because it gives me enough is that you
play against them but hey this is what
there is the ultimate team is the fifa all
we know how oil plays that all the
the world wants to win and what's important comes
now with this match I need to win
because as it starts with three defeats it goes
to be very hard the truth and see if I
I can lift from this so nothing to
see who plays me
good a very loose team of the area like this
that nothing now I see you I think it is
very serious we go there
today we are here to see how bad
party I think man I've seen
teams my team is much better is
truth that nothing started well but
I have a great team I have to get up
in this way, let's go inside
and inside of it I've seen enough
complicated let's see that getting up already
you're not the goalkeeper
we press fine well fine is with this
good we go the one that enters like you
that is without doing anything I have found
a mobile and deserved but good
you will see that it suits me very well
lift up a bit because I was playing
fatal two defeats in a row
the very complicated thing the truth
like to know if that's good that's
good everyone is fractioning that
I thought it had been really good
we have with knocks helped us a bit
there
as an expression you have to hope that
we have nothing missing to take it
careful careful careful not to pass
pass luck as well because they or
luck let's go what a parad칩n
let's take it out for a walk and in the end the
rest because it's the typical one that catches you
you enter a wall and go inside
well then 10 at rest you have to leave
a little more concentrated now because
played regular
for saying bad I will say regular to see
let's go
my mother was already on the ground go
piece of animals put in was in the
soil had nothing or could not do
and nothing to hit strong, but look
whose lefty and pulling forward with
the toe
the truth is that I steal again
we have to sentence is good
okay, that's ibarbo embargo, there's
there's the two minutes two goals
2 - poor condition a little
the second one has reassured me but this
and the truth is that this can not be done anymore
escape is impossible almost
let 's go let 's go let 's get going to be by
please go pass is that you have seen that
shot that's what I like about this
game they have put two shots a little
more manuals and leave each jet as
that you have seen we are going
to see small walls distance pesadito
care care care no no no
the truth is true many walls but
I had scored a goal that is that it has
humiliated the last middle central
humiliated because I do not know what to do anymore
I'm desperate there
good good good good
come on, this is all alone
that is square that it would have
decided by the interior
Well now I do, I already needed it
Go two defeats because he had seen
two goals, well, it does not say much either
but the game was pretty disgusting and
this comes to me phenomenally let's go to give
confidence a little bit had lost
trust in my game and there everything is already going
to think it was wrong
to see and see what you're going to do
take out the port seriously seriously you're going to
take off short
come on, you see what center I go
macho I love these modest centers
they seem incredible to me we go three times
to the circle you see the second suit and
come as perfect as anything I
seen I knew he's going to get there we're going to
the people who give a lot to take out in court
and I always pressed the lateral one let's say
as in the center and to remove adiante
ibai g칩mez
you have to leave the goal to zero
no no no, what a parad칩n
I've also seen this time eye to the corner
they marked me in the last two games
you have already seen the summary that has been
since it makes me sick
already played we played my mother
go animal let's go
an animal and barbs that takes it to
all by body and other very fast what
everything has a date already there is it
nothing guys a victory that what
I needed three dots of three
matches is not very good the truth is
bad enough to deny it but good
I had to win I had to start the
good streak and it seems that good still
can be traced and climbed so the
two points and until next time